README.md, before:

# Angular Weather App

## DONE
- [x] Make the nav work
- [x] Change the color of the nav to something pretty
- [x] Make the nav take lass place in the page
- [x] Make the favorites page nice with css:
  - [x] use the weather box to show all the current
  - [x] build the weather box using material card
- [x] create a service that bring current weather condition at location 
- [x] Present the data from the weather service
- [x] Make that when pressing on the condition photo ill go to the condition link in english 
- [x] how to make the icon number in the weather box go to the function before its runs on the template.
- [x] how to set up the favorite items a bit down and not so close to the nav bar.
- [x] how to fix the weather box component for it to bring the info from the end point.
- [x] add lazy loading to the app - its in the rout with the key - loadChildren !! its in the app of the academy! 
- [x] Say i have a costume pip that i want to use around the app - what is the best practice ? 
- [x] Make the current weather responsive with mock data
- [x] The 5day forecast need to be in flex container and brick like the others in the favorites 
- [x] how to make the buttons in the weather box in 2 rows and not in one
- [x] How to make the "more info" button be on the right side and when i click i want it to open new window
- [x] is it better to to create one function in the bring weather service that make all the reqs? or my way is fine?
- [x] Finish the current weather search logic
- [x] fix the service!!
- [x] finish show the weather forecast 
- [x] make the types work
- [x] Change the name of the serviceService to something more informative
- [x] remove an use models in the current weather module - and matCard
- [x] how to make the search area not present obj obj ?
- [x] make the search work
- [x] how to make the navbar gone when im in the login component ?
- [x] make remove the button and insert input of matirial dasighn  
- [x] Make the remove button work - that will remove the current city from favorites
- [x] Fix the input position
- [x] make nice matirial nav bar 
- [x] Make nice navbar
  - [x] make the guards work 
- [x] Add login page with guards

## Todo - Favorites
- [ ] create nice looking outfit 

## Todo - Current Weather
- [ ] Make the hart favorite
- [ ] fix the bug when return to the main page its save the current location - need to use the init function
- [ ] add dark and light theme 

## Features to add 
- [ ] Make the app onPush logic 
- [ ] add fedback to the form !
- [ ] login page - hide password

## Questions

Commit message:

add on push and fix the test in the center

README.md, after:

# Angular Weather App

## DONE
- [x] Make the nav work
- [x] Change the color of the nav to something pretty
- [x] Make the nav take lass place in the page
- [x] Make the favorites page nice with css:
  - [x] use the weather box to show all the current
  - [x] build the weather box using material card
- [x] create a service that bring current weather condition at location 
- [x] Present the data from the weather service
- [x] Make that when pressing on the condition photo ill go to the condition link in english 
- [x] how to make the icon number in the weather box go to the function before its runs on the template.
- [x] how to set up the favorite items a bit down and not so close to the nav bar.
- [x] how to fix the weather box component for it to bring the info from the end point.
- [x] add lazy loading to the app - its in the rout with the key - loadChildren !! its in the app of the academy! 
- [x] Say i have a costume pip that i want to use around the app - what is the best practice ? 
- [x] Make the current weather responsive with mock data
- [x] The 5day forecast need to be in flex container and brick like the others in the favorites 
- [x] how to make the buttons in the weather box in 2 rows and not in one
- [x] How to make the "more info" button be on the right side and when i click i want it to open new window
- [x] is it better to to create one function in the bring weather service that make all the reqs? or my way is fine?
- [x] Finish the current weather search logic
- [x] fix the service!!
- [x] finish show the weather forecast 
- [x] make the types work
- [x] Change the name of the serviceService to something more informative
- [x] remove an use models in the current weather module - and matCard
- [x] how to make the search area not present obj obj ?
- [x] make the search work
- [x] how to make the navbar gone when im in the login component ?
- [x] make remove the button and insert input of matirial dasighn  
- [x] Make the remove button work - that will remove the current city from favorites
- [x] Fix the input position
- [x] make nice matirial nav bar 
- [x] Make nice navbar
- [x] login page - hide password
  - [x] make the guards work 
- [ ] Make the app onPush logic 
- [ ] create nice looking outfit 
- [x] Add login page with guards
- [x] Make the hart favorite
- [x] on push!@#!@#!@#
- [x] add dark and light theme 
- [x] fix the center



## Presentation
- [ ] show tha app component and the routing module - use of gard.
- [ ] show the current weather logic -> show the one day weather box.
  

## Todo 
- [ ] fix the bug when return to the main page its save the current location - need to use the init function
- [ ] add animation to elements !
- [ ] make it more beautiful
- [ ] killer feature
- [ ] animate css
## Questions
